I said you are the chairperson of Taoshan Wood Industry
Yeah, it's worth mentioning.
The manager is not good.
Someone tested you and won the bonus.
What are you doing?
Please go out first
Soon you won't know
In the morning I give you a choice
Otherwise, you will send it away today.
Crazy man
Someone take it away from me
I'll see who the hell dares to move
Say
Why are you
At whose command?
Underworld
You want to go to jail, think carefully
Mr. Zhang
Police officer Shen Dashao
Get the hell out of here
Little crow, what evidence do you have?
Your nephew and your people know
What other evidence is there?
Just these people
What can you do to me?
Lai Tiejin
He's the bodyguard I paid a lot of money for
Internationally renowned employer soldiers
The first countless
You and you are dead